npm - It is a package manager. It contains different packages which we can use in our application.
command - npm init

packages are also known as dependencies.
package.json file is a configuration for npm.

important package we need to install is - bundeler(libraries).
egs of bundeler - webpack, veet, parcel
why we need bundeler- it packaged your app so that it can be pushed to production.

- to install parcel into application - 
npm install -D <package name> (parcel)
we have 2 types of dependencies that we can install
1) dev dependencies - dependencies which are required in devlopment phase
2) normal dependencies - dependencies which are used in production.

-D => means its a dev dependency

to install parcel in our application
npm install -D parcel

- difference b/w caret(^) and tilde(~) in package.json file written along with version
=> caret means if any minor new verion comes later, it will automatically update it, but not major versions. 
=> tilde means if any major versioncomes, it can also update it to major versions as well.

- diiff b/w package.json file and package-lock.json file 
=> package.json contains approx versions of the packages installed and 
package-lock.json will store the exact version of all the packages installed

node_modules folder acts like a database of the dependencies.
see when we insatll parcel, it also has its own dependencies, so those dependencies will also get installed 
which are also having other dependencies, it is known as TRANSITIVE DEPENDENCIES.

the integrity which is maintained in package.json contains hashed code to ensure same code should be there on local and production.

If u have package.json and package-lock.json, we can regenerate the node_modules (so no need to put node_modules folder on github).
to regenerate it use command- npm install

to ignite our app
command - npx parcel 

npx - use to execute a package

NOT A GOOD PRACTISE TO USE CDN LINKS. WHY?
because it is connecting to outside server, i.e its making a network call. So we can install react using npm.
npm install react
npm insatll react-dom

to start server -
command - npx parcel index.html

ADVANTAGES OF PARCEL
- Dev Build (creates a dev build)
- Local Server (creates a local server)
- HMR - Hot Module Replacement (after making changes as soon as we save the file, it automatically refreshes our page.)
It is because parcel uses a File Watching Algorithm - written in C++
- Caching - Faster Builds (It does Caching which helps in Faster Builds (can see a parcel-cache folder on left side in directory structure))
- Image Optimization
- Minification
- Bundling
- Compress (for making code production build ready) 
- Diagnostic (helps in Error Handling)
- Tree Shaking
- Content Hashing 
-Differnatial Bundling (to support older versions of browsers)

READ THESE IN OFFICIAL DOC OF PARCEL

we type='module' in script tag along with App.js file, otherwise browser will treat that as a normal js file and will give error.

to create a build ready for production 
command - npx parcel build index.html

also it will throw error as for parcel entry point is written in package.json under => main: "App.js"
So remove that line from package.json

about browsersList => used to make ur application compatible to older versions




