lesson - 3

adding scripts to start (dev build) and build (prod build) our project
in package.json, go to script tag, u can see/add which command u can use to run the project.

so to run dev build, instead of writing "npx parcel index.html" use npm run start or npm start.
so to run prod build, instead of writing "npx parcel build index.html" use npm run build (npm build will not work).

FUNDAMENTALS FOF REACT

react.createElement is an object. When we write root.render, reactDom will convert that object to HTML and push it to browser.
push it to browser means it will replace everything present inside that root(oe wherever u are rendering) not append(rember akshay is here got replaced)

JSX - is a JS syntax which is easier to create react elements
JSX - not HTML in JS. Its different. It has HTML-like syntax or XML-like.

create react elemnt using core react
const heading = React.createElement("h1", {id: "heading"}, "Namaste React🚀");

create react elemnt using JSX
const heading = <h1 id="heading">Namaste JS from JSX</h1>

JSX code is transpiled before it goes to JS Engine. (transpiled means it is converted to react.createElement only. if u console both will give an object).
which is done by another library called babel

in JSX we use camelCase for attributes
if u write JSX in multiple lines always use parenthesis().

REACT COMPONENT
A React component is a reusable, independent piece of code that's used to build user interfaces for React applications
2 TYPES
- CLASS BASED COMPONENT (OLD WAY)
- FUNCTION BASED COMPONENT(NEW WAY)

Always use first letter as capital letter to make JSX understand that its a component.

- FUNCTION BASED COMPONENT => A javscript function that returns a JSX is a react functional component.

Rendering a component inside another component is also known as COMPONENT COMPOSITION.
to add any JS code inside any component use {}.

CROSS SITE SCRIPTING ATTACKS
let say we are calling an API. and by any change it's a bad API(contains malicious code by attackers)
we are injecting it using {} into our browser or our application. This is known as cross site scripting attacks.
JSX helps in preventing those. whenever the code is running, it automatically detects it, if its malicious, it will escape it.(will not run it)
 