FOLDER STRUCTURE🚀
1) make folder for the components, name the component file as the name of the component(first letter capital).
2) always ensure to export the component and import it where it is used.
3) for the hard coded statements(code), make seperate file can be named as constants.js and while adding the urls or anything hardcoded, 
always declare them in CAPITAL LETTERS.

4) TWO TYPES OF EXPORT/IMPORT🚀
- DEFAULT EXPORT/IMPORT - for one export/import
export default Component;
import Component from "path";

- NAMED EXPORT/IMPORT - if u want to export multiple things feom one file, use named export
export const Component;
import {Component} from "path";

QUESTION -
Can we use default export along with named export in a file.

# HOOKS🚀
REACT helps in DOM manipulation efficiently. All framworks are used because of this.
It will be cool that just when we clicked a button to filter out the restaurants, the UI will automatically gets changed.
react is making our application Fast because it is efficient in DOM operations.
React keeps the data layer in sync with the UI using hooks. As soon as the State Varible, react automatically refreshes that component.

For now, we used JS variable to keep the list of restaurants.
For DOM manipulation, we will use STATE VARIABLE provided by React.

So this superpower is provided by REACT which is hooks.

Hooks is basically a plain JS function.
React hook is a normal JS utility function given by react.


=> IMPORTANT🚀
Whenever a State Varible updates, React rerenders the component.

MOST IMPORTANT HOOKS
1) useState() - It will change the state of a function.
2) useEffect() - 

useState()🚀
Syntax - let [name, setName] = useState([default(initial) value of name]) 

Virtual DOM🚀
Virtual DOM is basically a normal JS object.
It is the virtual representation of the actual DOM
When we create the tags in react. It is basically stored as a JS object(containing div and nested divs). That JS object is virtual DOM.
u can say react basically converts the JSX to JS object. This JS object is Virtual DOM.
Its the object representation of the html tags, u can say.

This (below) whole thing is known as React Fiber.🚀 

Reconciliation Algorithm🚀 
Whenever something changes in UI. It is known as Reconciliation.

Diff Algorithm🚀
Diff Algorithm is used to find the difference between the previous Virtual DOM and new Virtual DOM and then updates the Actual DOM.
Whenever a UI is changes, react compare the old virtual DOM and new Virtual DOM and then updates the Actual virtual DOM.
It compares the previous object and the new object. It does not touch HTML code. When it identfies the difference, then it will update the actual DOM.

React helps to keep track and sync the UI layer with the data layer.
