Monolith and Microservice architecture🚀

Monolith🚀 -
This architecture consists of the whole project.
Like the thre is only one project which contains code foreverything like -
API code
UI code
Database connectivity code
Authorisation code
Messaging code etc.

Microservice🚀 - 
consists of different service for different jobs.
like different UI service for UI.
different backend service for backend.
etc.
All these services combined together and form the big App.
Also known as seperation of concerns.
It follows a single responsibility principle. 
Each service has its own job.



API Call inside react🚀
2 Approaches how we fetch the data from Backend and which one to use

1) As soon as the application loads, we will call the API, when the data comes, then we will render the UI.
Loads -> API -> Render
2) As soon as the application loads, we will render the UI skeleton, then API is called, when data comes, then UI is rerendered.
Loads -> Render -> API -> Rerendered

2nd approach should be used. As it gives user, a better experience while visiting the application. User will not see/face the freezing page, while the API is being called.

useEffect()🚀
when we want to run something after rendering the component, useEffect function is used.
Syntax -
useEffect(()=> {}, []);
 It takes 2 arguments a callback function and a dependency array. ()=> {} - this is the callback function.

 Suppose we create a useEffect function inside body component, so first the component will be rendered, then the callback function will run.

 Read about Optional Chaining🚀

Shimmer UI🚀
To improve user experience while the data is being fetched from the API, instead of showing any loading icon, use Shimmer UI. 
It is basically a fake page that is loaded while the data is being fetched.

When u are rendering the compoenent based on some condition (like in case of shimmer UI), its known as conditional rendering.

 TO MAKE THE INPUT BOX WORK
 - bind the input box - with the local variable (state)

 Every time local state variable is changing, React rerenders the whole component(body component in this case).
 IMPORTANT THING🚀 - 
 every time that event is happening in the input field, the state variable is called.
 React is rerendering the whole component. But the whole process which is occuring behind the scene is -
 The whole component is rerendered, but react will first perform the reconcilation cycle. It will find the difference between the old virtual DOM and new virtual DOM
 then it will only update the changes, but whole component is rerendered.

WHAT MAKES REACT FAST? WHY IS REACT FAST?🚀
react is fast because of its reconcilation algorithm. this algorithm uses the concept of virtual DOM. It finds the difference between old virtual DOM and new virtual DOM
and only update the portion that is required. 


IN 6.1 SWIGGY ISSUE RESOLVED🚀
explained how to fetch data from live API, as the data was different from what he taught previously.

IN 6.2 CORS plugin issue RESOLVED🚀
he told to use corsproxy.io to bypass CORS error. (NOT WORKING FOR US, THE WEBSITE IS BLOCKED).

Read about CORS error🚀

